Tutorial: 2J solar cell with QWs in the bottom cell
===================================================

This tutorial will guide you, step-by-step, in the creation of a solar
cell and the calculation of their properties using *Solcore*.

**What do we have?**

-  Dual junction GaInP/GaAs solar cell, lattice matched to GaAs.
-  The bottom cell has 30 strained-balanced quantum wells (QW), made of
   GaAsP/InGaAs.
-  There is a tunnel junction in between the subcells.
-  There is a dual layer anti-reflecting coating on the front made of
   MgF-ZnS

**What do we want to find out?**

-  The absorption properties of our QWs
-  The QE of the solar cell
-  Its efficiency (Eff), short circuit current (Isc), open circuit
   voltage (Voc) and fill factor (FF) as a function of the
   concentration.

Let's get started!

Defining the structure
----------------------

First we need to create the solar cell structure. It is made of several
bits and pieces: the QWs, 2xJunctions, 1x tunnel junction and the ARC.
We start with the first.

**Defining the QWs:**

.. code:: python

    from solcore import material
    from solcore.structure import Layer
    import solcore.poisson_drift_diffusion as PDD
    import numpy as np

    T = 300 
    wl = np.linspace(350, 1050, 1001) * 1e-9

    # First, we create the materials of the QW
    QWmat = material('InGaAs')(T=T, In=0.2, strained=True)
    Bmat = material('GaAsP')(T=T, P=0.1, strained=True)
    i_GaAs = material('GaAs')(T=T)

    # The QW is 7 nm wide, with GaAs interlayers 2 nm thick at each side and GaAsP barriers 10 nm thick.
    # The final device will have 30 of these QWs.
    QW = PDD.QWunit([Layer(width=10e-9, material=Bmat, role="barrier"),
                 Layer(width=2e-9, material=i_GaAs, role="well"),
                 Layer(width=7e-9, material=QWmat, role="well"),
                 Layer(width=2e-9, material=i_GaAs, role="well"),
                 Layer(width=10e-9, material=Bmat, role="barrier")], T=T, repeat=30, substrate=i_GaAs)

    # We solve the quantum properties of the QW, leaving the default values of all parameters
    QW_list = QW.GetEffectiveQW(wavelengths=wl)

The first few lines import the *Solcore* utilities needed to define the
structure, including the *material* function, the *Layer* class and the
Poisson-Drift-Diffusion solver. After that, we create the materials that
will made the QWs and create a "QWunit". We will use these
structure just to be able to solve the QWs afterwards and transform it
into a sequence of layers with effective properties that the PDD solver
understands. The call to "QWunit" has several inputs,
including the temperature, the substrate, the number of repetition of
the QWs and the structure of the layers. The call to "GetEffectiveQW"
will, indeed, use the utilities within the *quantum\_mechanics* module
to calculate the band structure of the QWs, their absorption coefficient
and, finally, will calculate effective bandgap, density of states, etc.
that the PDD solver will use. Although the device will have 30 quantum
wells, only one unit (the one indicated in *Layers*) will be modelled as
an isolated QW.

If we only want to solve the properties of the QWs, without creating an
effective structure for the PDD solver, we will use, instead:

.. code:: python

    from solcore import material
    from solcore.structure import Layer, Structure
    import solcore.quantum_mechanics as QM

    T = 300 

    # First, we create the materials of the QW
    QWmat = material('InGaAs')(T=T, In=0.2, strained=True)
    Bmat = material('GaAsP')(T=T, P=0.1, strained=True)
    i_GaAs = material('GaAs')(T=T)

    # The QW is 7 nm wide, with GaAs interlayers 2 nm thick at each side and GaAsP barriers 10 nm thick.
    QW = Structure([Layer(width=10e-9, material=Bmat, role="barrier"),
                    Layer(width=2e-9, material=i_GaAs, role="interlayer"),
                    Layer(width=7e-9, material=QWmat, role="well"),
                    Layer(width=2e-9, material=i_GaAs, role="interlayer"),
                    Layer(width=10e-9, material=Bmat, role="barrier") ], 
                    substrate = i_GaAs)

    # Finally, the quantum properties are calculated here
    output = QM.schrodinger(QW)                     

While *Solcore* can solve the Schr√∂dinger equation in a structure with
any number of layers, the absorption calculator for QWs can only deal
properly with single QWs. That is the reason of modelling only 1 QW
despite having 30 in the structure. This will clearly represent a
limitation when modelling the absorption of superlattices, where there
is a strong coupling between neighbouring QWs.

In the code above, we have used the "GetEffectiveQW" and
"QM.schrodinger" functions with the default values, but they both can
have a number of optional input parameters to define the number of
confined states to calculate, the energy of quasiconfined states,
electric field, boundary conditions, etc. Please, visit the
documentation of those functions to find out all the available options.

**Defining the junctions:**

In order to calculate the properties of a solar junction using the PDD
solver, we need to give all the layers and materials the junciton is
made of, in a similar way we have done for the QWs. One thing to note is
that if *Solcore* cannot find a property it needs to solve the PDD
equations, *it will take the corresponding property for GaAs as a
default value*. So, be sure you provide all the required values or that
you are happy with the defaults.

***NOTE***: The different code snippets are additive in order to get a
final, complete script. Normally, all the "import" statements would be
packed together at the beginning.

.. code:: python

    from solcore.structure import Junction

    T = 300 

    ## Materials for the BOTTOM junction
    window_bottom = material('GaInP')(T=T, Nd=5e24, In=0.49)
    n_GaAs = material('GaAs')(T=T, Nd=1e24)
    p_GaAs = material('GaAs')(T=T, Na=8e22)
    bsf_bottom = material('GaInP')(T=T, Na=5e24, In=0.49)

    GaAs_junction = Junction([Layer(width=10e-9, material=window_bottom, role="Window"),
                              Layer(width=150e-9, material=n_GaAs, role="Emitter")] +
                             QW_list +
                             [Layer(width=2000e-9, material=p_GaAs, role="Base"),
                              Layer(width=200e-9, material=bsf_bottom, role="BSF")], sn=1e6, sp=1e6, T=T, kind='PDD')

    ## Materials for the TOP junction
    window_top = material('AlInP')(T=T, Nd=5e23, Al=0.53)
    n_GaInP = material('GaInP')(T=T, Nd=5e23, In=0.49)
    p_GaInP = material('GaInP')(T=T, Na=8e22, In=0.49)
    bsf_top = material('AlInP')(T=T, Na=5e24, Al=0.53)

    GaInP_junction = Junction([Layer(width=120e-9, material=n_GaInP, role="Emitter"),
                               Layer(width=800e-9, material=p_GaInP, role="Base")], sn=1e3, sp=1e3, T=T, kind='PDD')

As it can be seen, while we have defined the window and back surface
field layer (BSF) for the TOP junction, we have not included it into the
Junction definition. The reason for this is that very wide bandgap
materials cause convergence problems when doing calculations under
illumination, specially when working as the front-most window layers or
in distributted Bragg reflectors, where there are very abrupt changes of
properties in pery short distances. In order to account for their
presence, two things are done: (1) the surface recombination velocity of
the top junction is set to a low value to mimic the passivating effect
of the window and BSF layers, and (2) the missing layers are added
outside the Junction object when creating the full solar cell in order
to consider their optical properties (see below).

The only tunnel junction of this solar cell will be defined according to
the parametric model and we will assume it is made of GaInP layers, 40
nm-thick in total, that will block part of the light reaching the bottom
junction. Since the top junction is also made of GaInP, most of the
light should already be absorbed and therefore it should not represent a
very important loss. We will use a relatively low peak current to
demonstrate the effect of tunnel junction breakdown when working at high
concentration.

.. code:: python

    from solcore.structure import TunnelJunction

    tunnel = TunnelJunction([Layer(width=40e-9, material=n_GaInP, role="TJ")],
                            v_peak=0.2, j_peak=7.5e4, v_valley=1, j_valley=4e4, prefactor=5, j01=1e-23, kind='parametric')

**Defining the AR coating:**

The AR coating will reduce the front surface reflection and, therefore,
increase the photocurrent of the solar cell. We use a simple dual layer
coating made of MgF2 and ZnS. Both materials are available in the SOPRA
database of optical constants ("MgF2" and "ZnScub", respectively). The
data for MgF2 only extends to 900 nm, but we will assume its optical
properties will be similar at longer wavelengths, extrapolating the
available data.

.. code:: python

    MgF2 = material('MgF2')()
    ZnS = material('ZnScub')()

**Creating the solar cell:**

With all the materials and structures defined, we just need to put
everything together, including the front window layer and the BSF layer
of the top junction that we had left outside.

.. code:: python

    from solcore.solar_cell import SolarCell

    my_solar_cell = SolarCell([Layer(width=110e-9, material=MgF2, role="ARC1"),
                               Layer(width=60 - 9, material=ZnS, role="ARC2"),
                               Layer(width=30e-9, material=window_top, role="window"),
                               GaInP_junction,
                               Layer(width=100e-9, material=bsf_top, role="BSF"),
                               tunnel,
                               GaAs_junction],
                               T=T, substrate=n_GaAs)

Calculating the external quantum efficiency
===========================================

With the structure fully defined, now it is possible to calculate its
behavior as solar cell. We first calculate the external quantum
efficiency at 1 Sun of intensity using the AM1.5g solar spectrum. The
code that defines the spectrum to use and lunch the calculation will be:

.. code:: python

    from solcore.solar_cell_solver import solar_cell_solver
    from solcore.light_source import LightSource

    light_source = LightSource(source_type='standard', version='AM1.5g', x=wl,
                               output_units='photon_flux_per_m', concentration=1)

    solar_cell_solver(my_solar_cell, 'qe',
                      user_options={'light_source': light_source, 'wavelength': wl, 'optics_method': 'TMM'})


The calculation will proceed in several stages: (1) The structure is
processed and discretized, (2) the problem is solved under equilibrium,
(2) the problem is solved under short circuit conditions increasing in
small steps the intensity of the illumination, and (3), the quantum
efficiency is calculated, one wavelength at a time. This is done for the
two junctions. The following code plots the electrons and holes
densities at equilibrium (dashed line) and at short circuit (continuous
line), as well as the EQE of the two junctions and the total absorption
in the layers.

.. figure:: qe.jpg
   :alt: Quantum efficiency

ÔªøAs it can be seen, the minority carrier population increases
significantly under illumination, specially in the QW region of the
bottom cell, which is a relatively thick, undoped region. The EQE of the
bottom junction, in comparison with the total absorbed light, indicates
excellent carrier collection with only some missing carriers in the
region of the spectrum where light is absorbed by the QWs. The top
junction is not performing that well, the reason being a combination of
low mobility of carriers in GaInP between 3 and 6 times smaller than
that of p-GaAs), insufficient thickness to absorb all light (part of it
reaching the GaAs junction), parasitic absorption of the AlGaP window
layer and surface recombination.

Calculating the IV characteristics
----------------------------------

The calculation of the current-voltage characteristics proceed in a
similar way. In this case, care must be taken to use the correct
polarity for the (internal) voltage sweep, and the polarity of the
tunnel junction, already defined above as *pn*. As the optical
properties have already been calculated, we set the
*optics\_method=None*, so they are not calculated again. The next code
shows the definition of the voltages, the sunlight concentration factor
(from 1 to 1000 suns) and the execution of the calculation within a for
loop.

**NOTE**: This example will take several hours to run due to the
presence of QWs, which increase the number of mesh points in the bottom
cell to several thousand. To have an example of the results faster,
reduce the number of concentrations (19 in the example) and comment the
QWs related line in the definition of the GaAs junction above.

.. code:: python

    con = np.logspace(0, 3, 19)
    vint = np.linspace(-3.5, 4, 600)
    V = np.linspace(-3.5, 0, 300)

    allI = []
    isc = []
    voc = []
    FF = []
    pmpp = []

    for c in con:
        light_source.options['concentration'] = c

        solar_cell_solver(my_solar_cell, 'iv',
                          user_options={'light_source': light_source, 'wavelength': wl, 'optics_method': None,
                                        'light_iv': True, 'mpp': True, 'voltages': V, 'internal_voltages': vint})
                                        
        isc.append(my_solar_cell.iv['Isc'])
        voc.append(my_solar_cell.iv['Voc'])
        FF.append(my_solar_cell.iv['FF'])
        pmpp.append(my_solar_cell.iv['Pmpp'])
        allI.append(my_solar_cell.iv['IV'][1])

The next figure shows the summary of the efficiency, Isc, Voc and fill
factor (FF) versus concentration.

.. figure:: iv_params.jpg
   :alt: iv_params


The efficiency of the cell is just above 30% at 1 sun, and increases
with concentration , peaking at around 200-300 suns. Further increasing
the concentration rapidly decreases the efficiency. Both, Isc and Voc
follow the expected linear trend in log-log and semilog plots,
respectively, while the fill factor increases for low concentrations and
then continuously drops from 20 suns and, specially, from 200 suns. The
initial smooth drop of the fill factor can be related with a limited
carrier transport across the QW region, that under concentration,
suffers from charge accumulation and damping of the electric field.
However, the abrupt drop at higher concentrations is related to the
failure of the tunnel junction which, by design, had a low peak current.
This effect can be better seen in the last figure where, for the two
highest concentrations, the IV curve exhibit steps due to the tunnel
junction limiting the current.

.. figure:: iv.jpg
   :alt: IV
