[console_scripts]
jl95terceira-pytools/base64id = jl95terceira.pytools.base64id:main
jl95terceira-pytools/begonecr = jl95terceira.pytools.begonecr:main
jl95terceira-pytools/bodycurl = jl95terceira.pytools.bodycurl:main
jl95terceira-pytools/diff = jl95terceira.pytools.diff:main
jl95terceira-pytools/diffdirs = jl95terceira.pytools.diffdirs:main
jl95terceira-pytools/dircopy = jl95terceira.pytools.dircopy:main
jl95terceira-pytools/f = jl95terceira.pytools.f:main
jl95terceira-pytools/fcopy = jl95terceira.pytools.fcopy:main
jl95terceira-pytools/findf = jl95terceira.pytools.findf:main
jl95terceira-pytools/finds = jl95terceira.pytools.finds:main
jl95terceira-pytools/findsb = jl95terceira.pytools.findsb:main
jl95terceira-pytools/ftpcopy = jl95terceira.pytools.ftpcopy:main
jl95terceira-pytools/hashdirs = jl95terceira.pytools.hashdirs:main
jl95terceira-pytools/hashf = jl95terceira.pytools.hashf:main
jl95terceira-pytools/jsonbeau = jl95terceira.pytools.jsonbeau:main
jl95terceira-pytools/jsonflat = jl95terceira.pytools.jsonflat:main
jl95terceira-pytools/listdirs = jl95terceira.pytools.listdirs:main
jl95terceira-pytools/listvar = jl95terceira.pytools.listvar:main
jl95terceira-pytools/miko = jl95terceira.pytools.miko:main
jl95terceira-pytools/printf = jl95terceira.pytools.printf:main
jl95terceira-pytools/printfb = jl95terceira.pytools.printfb:main
jl95terceira-pytools/printfiles = jl95terceira.pytools.printfiles:main
jl95terceira-pytools/pwd = jl95terceira.pytools.pwd:main
jl95terceira-pytools/pycdel = jl95terceira.pytools.pycdel:main
jl95terceira-pytools/tcplisten = jl95terceira.pytools.tcplisten:main
jl95terceira-pytools/tcpt = jl95terceira.pytools.tcpt:main
jl95terceira-pytools/tcptalk = jl95terceira.pytools.tcptalk:main
jl95terceira-pytools/uuidd = jl95terceira.pytools.uuidd:main
jl95terceira-pytools/version = jl95terceira.pytools.version:main
jl95terceira-pytools/wikimaker = jl95terceira.pytools.wikimaker:main
jl95terceira-pytools/wsclient = jl95terceira.pytools.wsclient:main
